Feature conversion from URDF to robot string (#146)
cyberbotics/urdf2webots: README.md

  - **--link-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the link name for each solid to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).
  - **--joint-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the joint name for each joint to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).

> Previously the **--static-base** argument was supported in order to set the base link to be static (disabled physics). It has been removed as there is a better way to do it by adding the following to your URDF file (assuming **base_link** is the root link of your robot):
>
>```
> <link name="world" />
><joint name="world_joint" type="fixed">
>    <parent link="world" />
>    <child link = "base_link" />
>    <origin xyz="0 0 0" rpy="0 0 0" />
></joint>
>```

### In your Python Code

#### Arguments

The command line arguments available from the terminal are also available from the python interface, but some have different names:

| Terminal   |      Python      |
|----------|-------------|
| --input |  inFile |
| --output |  outFile |

> | --robot-Name |  robotName |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --robot-name |  robotName |
```

The script accepts the following arguments:
  - **-h, --help**: Show the help message and exit.
  - **--input=INFILE**: Specifies the urdf file to convert.
  - **--output=OUTFILE**: If set, specifies the path and, if ending in ".proto", name of the resulting PROTO file. The filename minus the .proto extension will be the robot name (for PROTO conversion only).
  - **--is-proto=True**: If set to false, the conversion will return a Webots Robot node string (default is `True`).

>   - **--robotName**: Specify the name of the robot (for Robot node string conversion only, in particular if you want to control multiple robots with external controllers).

Author: I thought about that and was wondering if there is a use case where we want to convert URDF into robot string without giving a name (maybe with another option to chose a non-external controller).

But as URDF is for ROS I do not think anyone wants this and it will also force users to give a name for URDF robots (which is required as soon as you have multiple robots).

>   - **--robotName**: Specify the name of the robot (for Robot node string conversion only, in particular if you want to control multiple robots with external controllers).

Reviewer: I don't believe there is a use case where we don't want to provide a name for a Robot. In the worst case, we can provide the default name, e.g., "robot".

Therefore, it would be nice to implement this simplification.

  - **--normal**: If set, the normals are exported if present in the URDF definition.
  - **--box-collision**: If set, the bounding objects are approximated using boxes.
  - **--tool-slot=LinkName**: Specify the link that you want to add a tool slot to (exact link name from urdf, for PROTO conversion only).
  - **--translation="0 0 0"**: Set the translation field of your PROTO file or Webots VRML robot string.
  - **--rotation="0 0 1 0"**: Set the rotation field of your PROTO file or Webots VRML robot string.
  - **--init-pos=JointPositions**: Set the initial positions of your robot joints. Example: `--init-pos="[1.2, 0.5, -1.5]"` would set the first 3 joints of your robot to the specified values, and leave the rest with their default value.
  - **--link-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the link name for each solid to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).
  - **--joint-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the joint name for each joint to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).

> > Previously the **--static-base** argument was supported in order to set the base link static (disable physics). It has been removed as a common way to do it in an URDF file is to add the following to your URFD file (assuming **base_link** is the root link of your robot):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Previously the **--static-base** argument was supported in order to set the base link to be static (disabled physics). It has been removed as there is a better way to do it by adding the following to your URFD file (assuming **base_link** is the root link of your robot):
```

>
>```
> <link name="world" />
><joint name="world_joint" type="fixed">
>    <parent link="world" />
>    <child link = "base_link" />
>    <origin xyz="0 0 0" rpy="0 0 0" />
></joint>

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>```

### In your Python Code

#### Arguments

> The same arguments offered for conversion from the terminal are available in python conversion, but some have different names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line arguments available from the terminal are also available from the python interface, but some have different names:
```

| Terminal   |      Python      |
|----------|-------------|
| --input |  inFile |
| --output |  outFile |
| --is-proto |  isProto |
| --robotName |  robotName |
| --normal |  normal |
| --box-collision |  boxCollision |
| --tool-slot |  toolSlot |
| --translation |  initTranslation |
| --rotation |  initRotation |
| --init-pos |  initPos |
| --link-to-def |  linkToDef |
| --joint-to-def |  jointToDef |

#### Convert into Webots PROTO files

```
from urdf2webots.importer import convert2urdf
convert2urdf('MY_PATH/MY_URDF.urdf')
```

> #### Convert into Webots VRML robot strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Convert into Webots Robot node strings
```

## Notes
This tool have been tested using Webots R2022a on Ubuntu20.04 and Windows.
You can find the sources of these URDF files here:
  - universal robot: https://github.com/ros-industrial/universal_robot/tree/kinetic-devel/ur_description

>   - pr2 robot: https://github.com/PR2/pr2_common/tree/kinetic-devel/pr2_description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - PR2 robot: https://github.com/PR2/pr2_common/tree/kinetic-devel/pr2_description
```

>   - motoman robot: https://github.com/ros-industrial/motoman/tree/kinetic-devel/motoman_sia20d_support
>   - kinova robot: https://github.com/Kinovarobotics/kinova-ros/tree/kinetic/kinova_description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Motoman robot: https://github.com/ros-industrial/motoman/tree/kinetic-devel/motoman_sia20d_support
  - Kinova robot: https://github.com/Kinovarobotics/kinova-ros/tree/kinetic/kinova_description
```
